The Zone, a place full of unfathomable wonders and sinister threats – former exclusion territory near the Chornobyl Nuclear Power Plant. This most dangerous place on Earth became even more mysterious after an obscure accident in 2006. Anomalies with precious artifacts, starving mutants and greedy thugs have flooded these lands along with stalkers searching for a new life and ways to get rich… Feel as one of them in S.T.A.L.K.E.R.: Shadow of Chernobyl!


SEARCHING

To survive, a true stalker must not stop his search. Valuable trophies, equipment and supplies, new friends, shortcuts or answers to the grimmest riddles of these lands are what give a chance not to perish. So prepare for a foray to find your fate in the Center of the Zone, the most protected place from unwanted guests.


HAZARD

The path of a stalker to his goal is never a walk in the park. A treacherous anomaly, able to mash even the most experienced fighter, the stray of ravenous mutants or jarring betrayal – any of these things can cost your life. Get ready to check your skills and gumption, enduring the superior numbers of rivals and mutants. Stay alert even when you are alone – here at the Zone, everything is rarely what it seems at first glance.


DESOLATION

These desolate lands of eternal autumn are full of hundreds of vagabonds. Though, the stalker is always on his own, facing dangers that are often unseen. Listen carefully, calculate every step and trust no one but yourself and Geiger counter. Only intuition combined with mastery and ice-cold guts can save a free stalker from being Lost to the Zone.



Game Features:

A mix of action, horror, survival, and RPG elements in a dark Eastern European sci-fiction setting.
The unique atmosphere of loneliness in a dangerous place where time has stopped forever.
Locations transferred to the game from the real Chornobyl Exclusion Zone: Pripyat, ChNPP, and many others.
Smart AI of opponents and NPCs who live their own lives and are capable of reacting to changes.
A non-linear story in which your choices lead to one of many endings.
Dynamic changes in the day-night cycle and weather conditions that affect the gameplay.
Multiplayer modes with up to 32 players on one map.