Powered by Football™, EA SPORTS™ FIFA 22 brings the game even closer to the real thing with fundamental gameplay advances and a new season of innovation across every mode.

What is FIFA?

Play The World’s Game with 17,000+ players, over 700 teams in 90+ stadiums and more than 30 leagues from all over the globe.

GAME MODES
Career Mode – Live out your dreams as both a manager and a player in FIFA 22. Create the newest club in FIFA, design your kits, style your stadium, and choose whether to compete with the elite or rise up from the lower divisions as you manage your club to glory. Or test your skills as a player, with a more immersive Player Career mode that gives you more ways to progress, achieve, and immerse yourself in your Pro’s journey through the game.

VOLTA FOOTBALL – Take it back to the streets with VOLTA FOOTBALL. Build a player, pick your gear, and express your style on the streets alone or with your squad in football playgrounds all around the world. Get rewarded for your skill on the ball with restyled gameplay, and play unique events in special locations each season as you unlock new gear through a new seasonal progression system that lets you earn XP towards all of the rewards on offer in VOLTA FOOTBALL, whichever mode you play.

FIFA Ultimate Team – Get involved with the most popular mode in FIFA, FIFA Ultimate Team. Build your dream squad from thousands of players from across the world of football, make your club your own on and off the pitch with custom kits, badges, and a whole FUT Stadium to leave your mark on, and take your team into matches against the AI or other players in the FUT Community. Plus, welcome back some of the game’s most memorable players as new FUT Heroes, as some of football’s most memorable players return to the pitch.

Unrivaled Authenticity – Play with the world’s biggest players in the world’s biggest competitions, including the iconic UEFA Champions League, UEFA Europa League, brand new UEFA Europa Conference League, CONMEBOL Libertadores, CONMEBOL Sudamericana, Premier League, Bundesliga, LaLiga Santander, and many more!

When playing FIFA 22 on Steam, you can use your DUALSHOCK 4 and Xbox controllers to play your way.


This game includes optional in-game purchases of virtual currency that can be used to acquire virtual in-game items, including a random selection of virtual in-game items.